I first met you down in Lovers Lane you
were just like an angel my little brown
eye Jane we walk along you sang the song
the bird singing too
it would be like heaven here on earth to
begin with you for you're the girl of my
dream but it seems that my dreams will
never come true
at night we'd set out in the old porch
swing start shining brightly
while softly woodsy
you sang a peppy days gone by you made
me happy too
it'll be like heaven your honor to begin
the theme for you're the girl of my
dreams
but it seems that my dreams will never
come true
oh you're the girl of my dreams but it
seems that my dreams will never come
true
you